there's something I do want to ask you
for help I've been this is something
that I've been working on you know or
you're not the only one that
civic-minded uh-huh I go to drug stores
or the supermarket right and this for
instance is a receipt from CVS this is a
receipt for one Snickers bar firstly
from this seems to me excessive yeah to
be excessive there now there's the
stickers bar up there and the rest are
just coupons and junk can you do
something about this actually 25 cents
off batteries Barack Obama's yes you
keep that and work on that we'll be
right back hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are you
sad that the video is over will
subscribe to our YouTube channel and you
will never be sad again ever